hello the recipe of pablos is delicious in
the blender will put 3 egg whites
that we have already separated the yolks and what
we will put the maximum city
for about three minutes from
the three minutes we will see that it has already
assembled at the point of snow we stopped it what
open we see that it is perfectly and
then we are going to put it by adding some
300 or 230 grams of sugar that we will go
adding little by little teaspoon
teaspoon so that it is integrated
well and we'll let it beat also a couple
of minutes if you need a little more
a little more we will add then the
chemical yeast something less than a
small teaspoon
and after those three minutes we have
said then let's see if it's in its
point so that it is at its point we have
to take with your fingers a bit and at
crush it see that there are no pimples left
sugar we will have them in a paper of
oven it is important that it be paper of
oven another way does not look good and the
We will put the form that suits us
I here wanted to make a kind of
thick crown with the center part
As you can see I'm making a hole
because there is going to be a mousse of
white chocolate and we will also put the
company
it is always good that this layer is thick
that after the meringue we're going to
put in the oven at 130 for one hour
approximately it will get hard on the outside
and soft inside
meanwhile we will do
of we remove in a scoop 150 grams of
white chocolate with one hundred and 250 grams
of liquid cream or cream we will put it
to heat until it has melted
at all and we're also going to put 3
egg whites in this case participated
and the buds of the previous one are going to
beat while riding the
previous clearings we will add about 60
grams of 60 to 100 grams of sugar
we will beat well until they whiten
and we are going to add
we are going to add 50 grams of
Butter
little by little to integrate it well
beating constantly when you 're
perfectly integrated as seen in
because this is the time
add the melted white chocolate that
we will also do it a lot
slowly we will put then
a little vanilla paste that
It will give a very good taste in the liquid and
we will remove it well so that it is integrated
and then it will be time to put the
clear that we have ridden of that
characterized that we have seen that they have
stayed firm enough
wrapping the melted chocolate with the
other elements and the clear ones when
is completely mixed we will put it
in the fridge until you drench
samus I have taken it out too soon and
we'll see later, a little bit of
bottom liquid in a little bit we are going to
put a water bottom with a couple of
spoonfuls of sugar and we will also put
a couple of tablespoons of a jam
I made homemade cranberries and
raspberries this will be a cul and that
will serve to put it in the end over
as decoration and also with flavor
state
a raspberry gives it a point of acid and
Blueberries are very rich past
now we see how it sounds because it is
it was quite hard and inside not
we have cut the paper and the same
on a plate we will finish
cut it out because taking it off can do
that we are destructed is beautiful
crown that remains as a kind of
dancer so we have discussed above
we are going to put the chocolate mousse
I already say that I took too much
soon from the fridge because we had
hurry
and on top we are going to place strawberries
some chopped and other whole as
we see in the video above we are going to
add the culin
tram bag and cranberry
that will give you an extraordinary flavor
and it will also increase the color and
with that we have already finished we are going to
try it you see that when part cracks
but inside is deliciously
soft and brings that mix of textures
between the hardness of merengue and the softness
inside and then the chocolate mousse
white and the strawberry is a mixture
perfect for a dessert